Apply Now
Senior Software Engineer
at Droplet (View all jobs)
USA Remote
About Us
Droplet builds form and workflow software to automate paper processes and help organizations move faster. If it were the year 2000 we’d say the words “DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION” a bunch. Think of it like a combination of DocuSign, Google Forms, and a workflow engine. We have strong revenue growth with several years of runway and a clear path to profitability.
About Droplet Engineering
Droplet engineering is a small but mighty team of six spread across the globe. We collaborate heavily in Slack, pair programming, and code reviews. We work with designers and customer success to understand user problems and build the right thing. We try to have just enough process to limit the chaos but not not so much that it keeps us from getting stuff done. We value building the right thing well. We iterate on our product, architecture, and skills to get better at all of them. We communicate kindly and clearly in a safe environment.
  Tech Stack
React, TypeScript, node.js, Postgres, AWS, GitHub, Terraform, and the power of friendship.
  Job Qualifications
We’re describing our perfect candidate. If you’re missing some of these but still interested, talk to us anyway!
You ship great software to users.
You have excellent written and verbal communication skills.
You have five or more years of professional software development experience, with three or more years working with JavaScript and three or more years working with AWS or a comparable cloud environment.
You have experience working across the web stack, from UI to infrastructure. You don’t need to be an expert with the whole stack, but you should be productive across it.
You collaborate well with product and design to understand user needs and produce technical designs that meet those needs.
You help other engineers get better and get more done with technical leadership.
The Interview Process
We try to make our interview process like the job. You’ll read some code, write some code, talk about architecture, and share past experiences. We want you to do your best, not stress out about artificial evaluations. Here is how it’ll go:
30 minute phone screen
We send you a take-home coding exercise. Try not to spend more than four hours on it. Send it back when you’re done and we’ll move on to the next steps.
One hour interview with Jamison Dance, the head of engineering and hiring manager.
One hour interview with Skyler Hair, the CTO and co-founder.
We check references to make you’re not three toddlers stacked on top of each other in a trench coat.
Offer letter!
Senior Software Engineer pay range
$150,000—$200,000 USD
Perks and Benefits
Health, vision and dental benefits
Company-sponsored 401K
Generous parental leave policy
Career growth potential: Help us help you have the career you want!
Endless snacks and coffee at our HQ in Utah
Flexible time off and little oversight––we trust our employees to do their job and take time off responsibly!
Stock options: Claim your stake in our growth.
  Please Note
Sometimes we meet up! Expect to travel for our company all-hands and again for a team retreat (each around 3-4 days).
While we offer a flexible work arrangement, we expect an average full-time commitment of 40 hours per week.
A successful candidate will be subject to a background check and must receive satisfactory results of the same, as a condition of joining the team.
By applying for this role, you confirm that all information submitted is accurate and complete. You further acknowledge that providing false or fraudulent information during the application process is cause for denial of an offer, revocation of any existing offer, or other adverse action, up to and including termination after the start of your commencement of work.
Apply for this Job
* Required
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone *
Resume/CV *
Attach Dropbox Google Drive or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
Are you authorized to work lawfully in the United States for Droplet without requiring visa sponsorship and do you reside in the United States? *
--
Do you have at least 5 years working in a professional software setting? *
--
Do you have at least 3 years working with Javascript? *
--
Do you have at least 3 years of working with AWS or a comparable cloud environment? *
--
Website
An optional link to a personal site or blog that shows off technical writing or projects.
GitHub profile (or other code you've written)
An optional link to some publicly viewable code you've written if you want to show it off.
If you were referred to this positon, please include the name of the employee at Droplet who referred you to this role.
Powered by 
Read our Privacy Policy